All right, so
let me swap these back again.
Put my image wrapper
before number five here,
so that I get the effect that I want.
Okay, you ready for the crazy one, then?
My goodness.
Okay, so
let's talk about this crazy one here.
[COUGH]
And to do this one, if you
go into your CodePen collection, probably
this is the easiest way to do this.
Go into your CodePen collection, and
then let's click on 3D Begin,
Wacky Grid-larger breakpoints.
And let's look at that here for a moment.
So, this one has the additional
HTML in here that you won't
have otherwise on the CodePen
that you're working in.
So, I have here a configuration grid with
configuration cells with all
the numbers in them, okay?
There it is, one to 24.
And then, I have the markup that
you've been working with so far.
Inside of our CSS, so
if you start from this one here,
what we have going on is as follows.
We have that bit of HTML
at the top of the screen,
which you won't have if you're
not using this specific pen.
And you see that we have all of our
little boxes that make this up.
So what I would recommend
that you do is as you look at
the design here, and
you look at these images,
figure out how wide each image
is in terms of its column.
So let's look at this coffee cup here.
This first one, you can see that
it's going to go between what?
What are our numbers?
>> 1 to 3.
1 to 2.
2 to 3.
>> And 4.
>> 3 to 4, right?
So 1 slash 4.
So if you can figure out
the widths of all these images,
and the H1 here in the middle,
that's a great place to start.
If you can kinda guess at the rows here,
and see if you can figure out how
many rows we actually have going on,
that is not as easy.
If you have the capacity to
take this image and draw on it,
that'll help you figure out
how many rows we have here.
And then you can start figuring
out exactly where every image and
the H1 should be placed here on the page.
Makes sense?
Even before you write your code
to figure out what the plan is,
the configuration grid is really helpful.
All right, so the trick to getting
this layout to work is, first of all,
you need to make sure that your
actual wrapper here with the images
inside of it matches your
configuration grid here on the top.
So, as I said here in the comment,
what styles do you need to carry to
this media query to ensure
the same alignment of those two?
So, if we take a look at
the configuration grid here,
it has a display grid, it has 12 columns.
It has certain padding, it has a gap,
it has a max-width, it has a margin,
and it has a border.
We probably need all of that, don't we?
We're gonna need all of that.
So if we copy that, and
we put it down here and
change it from a class of config
grid to a class of wrapper,
that's going to take care of most of this.
And don't panic.
[LAUGH] It's doing exactly
what you told it to do.
It's lining up these with our
first couple of columns, right?
Our tablet layout only
had two columns in it.
So it's crammed all of our content
into the two columns here.
Never panic.
Always look for a reason, okay?
So that's just fine.
And then, what we're going to wanna do
is use my favorite trick again,
.wrapper > *.
So the direct children of the wrapper,
let's put on a border: 2
px solid var.
That really shows us where
the edges of things are.
Because this h1 is a little bit big,
it's actually hanging outside
of its wrapper right now.
Because, of course, the words are longer
than the width of its wrapper.
But we've got the rest of these,
they're doing okay.
Okay, so one of the first
problems that we're going to
have here is these images
still have that width of 100%,
height of 100%, and
the object fit in place.
[COUGH] To cram them into that
particular little bit of space.
And what we're gonna want when we
go to our finished version of this,
we want those images to be
the widths that they are in those
particular places,
not cut to a specific size.
We just want them to occupy the rows and
columns that are there.
Okay, so in order to do that,
what we'll need to do is
go to our .img-wrapper.
And we're going to set our width: auto,
our height: auto, and object-fit: contain.
So as you can see by doing that,
we are basically turning
off what we had before.
Make sense?
We're turning off the concept of these
things occupying all the same space.
Now, that is the entire coffee cup image
crammed into one row and one column.
[LAUGH] Not what we want, but
we continue to get closer, right?
Okay, here's our croissant spanning two
columns, probably one row again here.
This is in one row, we didn't mess
with our rows in our previous design.
So this is giving us some hints about
where the rows are here exactly
inside of our grid.
Make sense?
Okay, so all that's left now is counting.
Really, that's all we've got left to do.
We have .one, right?
And it has a grid-column and
a grid-row.
Then, we can just copy that and
say we have.
We have .two, .three,
.four, and .five.
So it's pretty much it.
All we have to do now is
specify where exactly we
want those images to go in space.
It's not so terrible, is it?
>> Also the h1.
>> Yeah, and the h1 right, and our h1.
>> Don't we also still need to
figure out how many rows there are?
>> Yeah, we can count up all those rows.
What did you guys come up with?
Four rows.
>> I thought it was maybe 16,
but I feel wrong about that.
>> You thought maybe 16, but
you feel wrong about that.
Okay, anybody else have a guess?
Okay, well, remember the rows
are gonna vary in their heights.
So we have probably one row
here with the coffee cup.
We have a second row here, right?
>> They vary in height, so
it's just each individual distinction-
>> Pretty much.
>> Third is that gap.
>> Yeah, that gap lines up
with the top of our each one.
So that winds up being our third row here.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> The gap on the right is four.
>> Yeah, something going on here.
>> And then-
>> And then,
we might have a long way to go.
>> Well-
>> Before we get here to five.
>> The make time for
coffee, doesn't that end?
And that requires a six?
>> Yeah, it is may be multiple rows,
or it might be one row, right?
So this is probably spanning
from 1, 2, 3 rows here.
This might be a fourth row, and
then this image down here by
itself is a row by itself.
Okay?
So it is total craziness.
It is total craziness, and that's okay.
This is again one of those things
in CSS where you can continue
to massage the numbers until
you get something close, right?
But the widths should be easier
to guess at what these are.
All right, so I'll give you,
>> I'm sorry, this is super important,
can you explain that again?
I was convinced each change there,
essentially,
each vertical change requires another row.
So I counted up to eight then, but
it sounds like you're saying it's five.
>> Let me look at my numbers.
The biggest number I have is eight.
Yes, so I think you've got it right.
Yeah, so I think we've got eight rows.
Okay, so let's put in some numbers,
then, we'll start with one.
So did anybody figure out, or
should I just give you numbers?
Okay, fine.
>> [LAUGH]
>> You're tired,
I'll just give you numbers, 3/7.
And 7/8 will be image number one.
And so there it is, there's
the macchiato down here at the bottom.
Image number two
is 1/4, 1/4.
Okay, and that is our coffee cup.
And again, don't panic,
it's all going to get clear.
[LAUGH] [INAUDIBLE]
>> For two, I had 1/4, 1/4.
Let me put in all my numbers first.
>> No, don't listen to me.
You're right, carry on.
>> Okay, let's see what happens.
Sometimes these things
depend on each other.
So we just sort of put in some numbers,
10/13, 2/5.
And 9/12, 5/7,
and then back for our h1.
Okay, 5/9, and 1/7.
Now this one, I did a little
bit more tweaking on it, okay?
So notice how when I put the last one
in place everything snapped into place?
Everything is kinda dependent
on each other here in this grid.
So a couple of other things with this h1.
Notice the big chunk of space that I
have here at the bottom, what is that?
Where is that coming from?
Probably not a row, so what is it?
>> Probably buttom padding?
>> We had some margin on those.
We had some margin on those, so, well,
or we had padding on them, right?
So I have padding of 0, and
I have margin of 0 auto,
to try to align it here
inside of the cell.
And I also did a max-width of 400 px.
And I also did a font-size: var.
And not all these styles apply to
exactly the screen dimension because,
remember, as we make the screen bigger,
we wanted this thing to do so
other things here in space?
And align itself, align-self: center.
So that will make it large, there we go.
Okay, so now as I make this bigger, see
how that stays right there in the center?
That's the align-self property
there from grid working.
And that is, [LAUGH] that was
the configuration grid disappearing,
going back to tablet.